So why would we use Angular?
I did briefly touch on this in the last course section already
and I'll just repeat it here in case you skipped that, otherwise you can skip this lecture here.
So we use Angular because when we build more complex apps where we have more and more complex logic
in our Javascript code, we don't want to focus on nitty-gritty details like updating the DOM correctly,
managing our application state correctly,
these things are hard and they are annoying and we don't want to care about them,
we want to focus on the core logic that drives our app.
So all these things which will be hard, like handling the complex logic, where we would have to reinvent
the wheel over and over again and where we might introduce bugs or state management where we could
get an unpredictably behaving user interface if we mess it up because we don't update one part of the
app correctly when something changes in another part or things like routing where we might have some
form of switching between pages but it doesn't handle advanced use cases like protecting certain routes
from unauthenticated access or anything like that,
these are things which are relatively hard to implement on our own and hence we use frameworks like
Angular
and of course we could use Raect or Vue here but this is an @ionic/angular course where Angular helps
us with solving these problems.
It gives us clearly defined rules on how we build our apps with components and directives and it takes
care about the actual DOM rendering so that we can just focus on the logic that changes our state, our
data, that triggers a DOM update in the end. It gives us services and other means of transporting data
from A to B, from component to component and it also helps us with routing where we can conveniently
pass data around to, where we got lazy loading, where we can add authentication guards and all this fun
stuff.
This is why we would use Angular instead of just Ionic, for very very simple apps, you'll not need it
and you will also always find solutions around Angular if you don't want to use it, other libraries or
frameworks for example.
But this is an @ionic/angular course, Angular is an amazing framework,
it can be used to build extremely powerful and fast and reactive web applications and therefore, it's
the perfect fit here for Ionic
where we want to also build a fast, reactive web and then also native mobile application.